Update version configs page (#3027)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/version.md

</File>

## `.yml` property file versions

A version tag in a `.yml` property file provides the control tag, which informs how dbt processes property files. 

> Starting in version 1.5, dbt will no longer require this configuration in your resource `.yml` files. For more on why we required this tag, see property file [FAQs](reference/configs-and-properties#faqs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 1.5, dbt will no longer require this configuration in your resource `.yml` files.  If you want to know more about why this tag was previously required, you can refer to the [property file FAQs](reference/configs-and-properties#faqs). 
```

For more on property files, see their general [documentation](reference/configs-and-properties#where-can-i-define-properties) on the same page.

<Tabs
  groupId="resource-version-configs"
  defaultValue="version-specified"
  values={[
    { label: 'Resource property file with version specified', value: 'version-specified', },
    { label: 'Resource property file without version specified', value: 'no-version-specified', },
  ]
}>
<TabItem value="version-specified">

<File name='<any valid filename>.yml'>

```yml
version: 2  # Only 2 is accepted by dbt versions up to 1.4.latest.

models: 
    ...
```

</File>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="no-version-specified">

<File name='<any valid filename>.yml'>

```yml

models: 
    ...
```

</File>

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.4">

> dbt projects have two distinct types of the `version` tags. This field has a different meaning depending on its location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt projects have two distinct types of `version` tags. This field has a different meaning depending on its location.
```

## `dbt_project.yml` versions

> The version tag in a `dbt_project` file represents the version of your dbt project. Although **this is a required parameter**, it is not currently meaningfully used by dbt. The version must be in a [semantic version](https://semver.org/) format, e.g. `1.0.0`. For more on Core versions, see [About dbt Core versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version tag in a `dbt_project` file represents the version of your dbt project and **is a required parameter**. However, it isn't currently used in a meaningful way by dbt. The version must follow a [semantic version](https://semver.org/) format, such as 1.0.0. For more information about dbt Core versions, refer to [About dbt Core versions](/docs/dbt-versions/core).
```
